English:

After running main.py you will first have a selection of OS. First to clear the terminal after each
selection. This allows a "false dynamism", a homogeneity of the program.

Then you will have to choose a field in the menu:

> Create : Create a character
> Load : Load the last saved game
> About : Simple About
> End : End of the program, quit the program

For the creation of the character, you will first be asked for the "nickname" you want to give to your character.
You will then choose a "'Type'/role", having different attributes from each other in a random way.

        For example:
            The Assassin will have more strength, less resistance and less HP
            While a Warrior will get more HP, more resistance and a strength equal to his 'type'.

You will Spawn on a random map, with a random distribution of mobs and chests according to the difficulty. However
the 'Boss' will always appear at the top of the map.

You will advance with the classic commands "z|q|s|d".

#Mob/Boss fight
If you go to a 'mob' or a 'Boss', the fight will be automatically engaged. You will either have the possibility to attack directly.
Or to reach your inventory and to choose what you want to use. The used object is going to be automatically removed.
/You can die so be careful!

#Chest
You will get random items, with random properties, depending on the rarity of the item.
So the rarer an item is the more "good" stats it will have.

#XP/LEVEL
You can increase in level, for that, you will have to kill as many mob as possible. The stronger the mob is, the more xp you will gain.
And the higher your level, the stronger the mobs will be.

#esc
In order to reach the menu 'esc' in full game. You will have to press on the key 'm'. You will be able to see your stats, as well as
your current inventory.
You will have the possibility to "quit without saving", "save and quit" (>inventory is saved) or return to the game.

You can skip the current level, once the 'Boss' is killed.

by: Nagib Lakhdari